src/misc.md, before:

## Best Practices, Common Pitfalls, Curious Stuff & Basic Things You Should Know

- Git:
  - [Oh Shit, Git!?!](https://ohshitgit.com/)
  - [Confusing git terminology](https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/11/01/confusing-git-terminology/)
  - [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/)
  - [Organizing multiple Git identities](https://garrit.xyz/posts/2023-10-13-organizing-multiple-git-identities)
- Shell Scripting
  - [Shell Script Best Practices](https://sharats.me/posts/shell-script-best-practices/)
- Characters:
  - [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/)
  - [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Must Know About Unicode in 2023 (Still No Excuses!)](https://tonsky.me/blog/unicode/)
  - [The Great Newline Schism](https://blog.codinghorror.com/the-great-newline-schism/)
  - [ASCII Table](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/ascii-table-hex-to-ascii-value-character-code-chart-2/)
  - [Invisible characters](https://invisible-characters.com/)
- Internationalization and localization (i18n)
  - [PO Files](https://www.gnu.org/software/gettext/manual/html_node/PO-Files.html)
- Dates:
  - [All About java.util.Date](https://codeblog.jonskeet.uk/2017/04/23/all-about-java-util-date/)
  - [UTC is enough for everyone... right?](https://zachholman.com/talk/utc-is-enough-for-everyone-right)
  - [Storing UTC is not a silver bullet](https://codeblog.jonskeet.uk/2019/03/27/storing-utc-is-not-a-silver-bullet/)
  - [Designing a REST API: Unix time vs ISO-8601](https://nickb.dev/blog/designing-a-rest-api-unix-time-vs-iso-8601)
- Numbers:
  - [Bit Math](https://docs.arduino.cc/learn/programming/bit-math)
  - [Floating Point Math](https://0.30000000000000004.com/)
  - [Float Toy](https://evanw.github.io/float-toy/)
  - [Onboarding floating-point](https://www.altdevarts.com/p/onboarding-floating-point?r=yknp0&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web)
- RegEx:
  - [How to Find or Validate an Email Address](https://www.regular-expressions.info/email.html)
  - [Possessive Quantifiers](https://www.regular-expressions.info/possessive.html)
- OS Interoperability:
  - [A Guide to POSIX](https://www.baeldung.com/linux/posix)
  - [Use the XDG Base Directory Specification!](https://xdgbasedirectoryspecification.com/)
- Linux:
  - [Optimizing Linux for Slow Computers](https://www.akitaonrails.com/2017/01/17/optimizing-linux-for-slow-computers)
  - [Linux Hardening Guide](https://madaidans-insecurities.github.io/guides/linux-hardening.html#choosing-the-right-distro)
- Libraries
  - [Google Best Practices for Java Libraries](https://jlbp.dev/)
  - [Choose Boring Technology](https://boringtechnology.club/)
- Testing:
  - [Modern Best Practices for Testing in Java](https://phauer.com/2019/modern-best-practices-testing-java/)
- Software Design:
    - [Alternatives to DTO](https://blog.frankel.ch/alternatives-dto/)
    - [My 10 Years of Programming Experience](https://iximiuz.com/en/posts/my-10-years-of-programming-experience/)
    - [LEGOs, Play-Doh, and Programming](https://weblog.jamisbuck.org/2008/11/9/legos-play-doh-and-programming)
- Anti-patterns:
    - [Interface Pollution](https://rakyll.org/interface-pollution/)
- Code Formatting:
    - [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/)
    - [Google Java Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html)
- HTTP:
  - CORS:
    - [Developers don't understand CORS](https://fosterelli.co/developers-dont-understand-cors)
    - [You don't need that CORS request](https://nickolinger.com/blog/2021-08-04-you-dont-need-that-cors-request/)
    - [Understanding "same-site" and "same-origin"](https://web.dev/same-site-same-origin/)
  - [The perils of the "real" client IP](https://adam-p.ca/blog/2022/03/x-forwarded-for/)
  - [The HTTP crash course nobody asked for](https://fasterthanli.me/articles/the-http-crash-course-nobody-asked-for)
- REST APIs:
  - [OpenAPI Specification](https://www.openapis.org)
  - [Roy Fielding's Misappropriated REST Dissertation](https://twobithistory.org/2020/06/28/rest.html)
  - [Best Practices for Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API](https://www.vinaysahni.com/best-practices-for-a-pragmatic-restful-api)
  - [Zalando RESTful API and Event Guidelines](https://opensource.zalando.com/restful-api-guidelines/)
  - [Standards.REST](https://standards.rest/)
  - [List of HTTP status codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes)
  - [The HTTP QUERY Method](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-httpbis-safe-method-w-body-02.html)
- Web:
  - [To www or not to www - Should you use www or not in your domain?](https://www.bjornjohansen.com/www-or-not)
  - [Making Websites Small](https://santurcesoftware.com/making-web-sites-small)
- Containers:
  - [Best practices for writing Dockerfiles](https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/dockerfile_best-practices/)
  - [Attack of the mutant tags!. Or why tag mutability is a real security threat](https://sysdig.com/blog/toctou-tag-mutability/)
  - [Container security best practices: Comprehensive guide](https://sysdig.com/blog/container-security-best-practices/)
- Distributed Systems:
  - [Don't start with microservices - monoliths are your friend](https://arnoldgalovics.com/microservices-in-production/)
  - [Fallacies of Distributed Systems](https://architecturenotes.co/fallacies-of-distributed-systems/)
  - [You Are Not Google](https://blog.bradfieldcs.com/you-are-not-google-84912cf44afb)
  - [Microservices and the Big Ball of Mud](https://www.infoq.com/news/2014/08/microservices_ballmud/)
- Networks:
  - [ICMP, Ping, and Traceroute - What I Wish I Was Taught](https://xkln.net/blog/icmp-ping-and-traceroute--what-i-wish-i-was-taught/)
  - [How to hide your IP address](https://educatedguesswork.org/posts/traffic-relaying/)
- Memory:
  - [What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory](https://people.freebsd.org/~lstewart/articles/cpumemory.pdf)
  - [What Should I Know About Garbage Collection as a Java Developer?](https://www.azul.com/blog/what-should-i-know-about-garbage-collection-as-a-java-developer/)
- Performance:
  - [Latency Numbers Every Programmer Should Know](https://gist.github.com/jboner/2841832)
  - [Good performance is not just big O](https://jmmv.dev/2023/09/performance-is-not-big-o.html)
  - [Linux Performance](https://www.brendangregg.com/linuxperf.html)
- Programming Languages and Compilers:
  - [Is every language written in C?](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/267086/is-every-language-written-in-c)
  - [Assembly code vs Machine code vs Object code?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/466790/assembly-code-vs-machine-code-vs-object-code)
  - [Introduction to Language Theory](https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/languagetheory/)
  - [Syntax](https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/syntax/)
  - [Syntax Design](https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/syntaxdesign/)
  - [Backus-Naur form](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form)
  - [Resources for Amateur Compiler Writers](https://c9x.me/compile/bib/)
  - [Low-Code and the Democratization of Programming. Rethinking Where Programming Is Headed](https://www.oreilly.com/radar/low-code-and-the-democratization-of-programming/)
  - [The faker's guide to reading (x86) assembly language](https://www.timdbg.com/posts/fakers-guide-to-assembly/)
  -  [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/)
  - [Favorite compiler and interpreter resources](https://lists.eatonphil.com/compilers-and-interpreters.html)
- Laws, Principles and Mantra:
  - [Programming Principles](https://java-design-patterns.com/principles/)
  - [The Law of Leaky Abstractions](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2002/11/11/the-law-of-leaky-abstractions/)
  - [Conway's law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_law)
  - [Make It Work Make It Right Make It Fast](https://wiki.c2.com/?MakeItWorkMakeItRightMakeItFast)
- What Happens When:
  - [What happens when you run 'Hello, world'](https://jvns.ca/blog/2013/11/29/what-happens-when-you-run-a-unix-program/)
  - [What happens when you press a key in your terminal?](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/07/20/pseudoterminals/)
  - [What happens when you load a URL?](https://danluu.com/navigate-url/)
  - [What happens when a CPU starts](https://lateblt.tripod.com/bit68.txt)
  - [What happens when you start a process on Linux?](https://jvns.ca/blog/2016/10/04/exec-will-eat-your-brain/)
  - [What happens when you update your DNS?](https://jvns.ca/blog/how-updating-dns-works/)
  - [What happens when...](https://github.com/alex/what-happens-when)
  - [Behind "Hello World" on Linux](https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/08/03/behind--hello-world/)
- How Things Work:
  - [Putting the “You” in CPU](https://cpu.land/)
  - [How Browsers Work](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Performance/How_browsers_work)  
- Hard Stuff:
  - [Hard things in Computer Science](https://blog.frankel.ch/hard-things-computer-science/)
  - [How to name things: the hardest problem in programming](https://www.slideshare.net/pirhilton/how-to-name-things-the-hardest-problem-in-programming)
- Miscellanea:
  - [What is the difference between Terminal, Console, Shell, and Command Line?](https://askubuntu.com/questions/506510/what-is-the-difference-between-terminal-console-shell-and-command-line)
  - [Quantum computing for the very curious](https://quantum.country/qcvc)
  - [What scientists must know about hardware to write fast code](https://viralinstruction.com/posts/hardware/)
  - [Why do arrays start at 0?](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/why-do-arrays-start-at-0/)

Commit message:

Add link with debugging tricks in the browser

src/misc.md, after:

## Best Practices, Common Pitfalls, Curious Stuff & Basic Things You Should Know

- Git:
  - [Oh Shit, Git!?!](https://ohshitgit.com/)
  - [Confusing git terminology](https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/11/01/confusing-git-terminology/)
  - [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/)
  - [Organizing multiple Git identities](https://garrit.xyz/posts/2023-10-13-organizing-multiple-git-identities)
- Shell Scripting
  - [Shell Script Best Practices](https://sharats.me/posts/shell-script-best-practices/)
- Characters:
  - [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/)
  - [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Must Know About Unicode in 2023 (Still No Excuses!)](https://tonsky.me/blog/unicode/)
  - [The Great Newline Schism](https://blog.codinghorror.com/the-great-newline-schism/)
  - [ASCII Table](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/ascii-table-hex-to-ascii-value-character-code-chart-2/)
  - [Invisible characters](https://invisible-characters.com/)
- Internationalization and localization (i18n)
  - [PO Files](https://www.gnu.org/software/gettext/manual/html_node/PO-Files.html)
- Dates:
  - [All About java.util.Date](https://codeblog.jonskeet.uk/2017/04/23/all-about-java-util-date/)
  - [UTC is enough for everyone... right?](https://zachholman.com/talk/utc-is-enough-for-everyone-right)
  - [Storing UTC is not a silver bullet](https://codeblog.jonskeet.uk/2019/03/27/storing-utc-is-not-a-silver-bullet/)
  - [Designing a REST API: Unix time vs ISO-8601](https://nickb.dev/blog/designing-a-rest-api-unix-time-vs-iso-8601)
- Numbers:
  - [Bit Math](https://docs.arduino.cc/learn/programming/bit-math)
  - [Floating Point Math](https://0.30000000000000004.com/)
  - [Float Toy](https://evanw.github.io/float-toy/)
  - [Onboarding floating-point](https://www.altdevarts.com/p/onboarding-floating-point?r=yknp0&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web)
- RegEx:
  - [How to Find or Validate an Email Address](https://www.regular-expressions.info/email.html)
  - [Possessive Quantifiers](https://www.regular-expressions.info/possessive.html)
- OS Interoperability:
  - [A Guide to POSIX](https://www.baeldung.com/linux/posix)
  - [Use the XDG Base Directory Specification!](https://xdgbasedirectoryspecification.com/)
- Linux:
  - [Optimizing Linux for Slow Computers](https://www.akitaonrails.com/2017/01/17/optimizing-linux-for-slow-computers)
  - [Linux Hardening Guide](https://madaidans-insecurities.github.io/guides/linux-hardening.html#choosing-the-right-distro)
- Libraries
  - [Google Best Practices for Java Libraries](https://jlbp.dev/)
  - [Choose Boring Technology](https://boringtechnology.club/)
- Testing:
  - [Modern Best Practices for Testing in Java](https://phauer.com/2019/modern-best-practices-testing-java/)
- Software Design:
    - [Alternatives to DTO](https://blog.frankel.ch/alternatives-dto/)
    - [My 10 Years of Programming Experience](https://iximiuz.com/en/posts/my-10-years-of-programming-experience/)
    - [LEGOs, Play-Doh, and Programming](https://weblog.jamisbuck.org/2008/11/9/legos-play-doh-and-programming)
- Anti-patterns:
    - [Interface Pollution](https://rakyll.org/interface-pollution/)
- Code Formatting:
    - [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/)
    - [Google Java Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html)
- HTTP:
  - CORS:
    - [Developers don't understand CORS](https://fosterelli.co/developers-dont-understand-cors)
    - [You don't need that CORS request](https://nickolinger.com/blog/2021-08-04-you-dont-need-that-cors-request/)
    - [Understanding "same-site" and "same-origin"](https://web.dev/same-site-same-origin/)
  - [The perils of the "real" client IP](https://adam-p.ca/blog/2022/03/x-forwarded-for/)
  - [The HTTP crash course nobody asked for](https://fasterthanli.me/articles/the-http-crash-course-nobody-asked-for)
- REST APIs:
  - [OpenAPI Specification](https://www.openapis.org)
  - [Roy Fielding's Misappropriated REST Dissertation](https://twobithistory.org/2020/06/28/rest.html)
  - [Best Practices for Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API](https://www.vinaysahni.com/best-practices-for-a-pragmatic-restful-api)
  - [Zalando RESTful API and Event Guidelines](https://opensource.zalando.com/restful-api-guidelines/)
  - [Standards.REST](https://standards.rest/)
  - [List of HTTP status codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes)
  - [The HTTP QUERY Method](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-httpbis-safe-method-w-body-02.html)
- Web:
  - [To www or not to www - Should you use www or not in your domain?](https://www.bjornjohansen.com/www-or-not)
  - [Making Websites Small](https://santurcesoftware.com/making-web-sites-small)
- Browser:
  - [67 Weird Debugging Tricks Your Browser Doesn't Want You to Know](https://alan.norbauer.com/articles/browser-debugging-tricks)
- Containers:
  - [Best practices for writing Dockerfiles](https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/dockerfile_best-practices/)
  - [Attack of the mutant tags!. Or why tag mutability is a real security threat](https://sysdig.com/blog/toctou-tag-mutability/)
  - [Container security best practices: Comprehensive guide](https://sysdig.com/blog/container-security-best-practices/)
- Distributed Systems:
  - [Don't start with microservices - monoliths are your friend](https://arnoldgalovics.com/microservices-in-production/)
  - [Fallacies of Distributed Systems](https://architecturenotes.co/fallacies-of-distributed-systems/)
  - [You Are Not Google](https://blog.bradfieldcs.com/you-are-not-google-84912cf44afb)
  - [Microservices and the Big Ball of Mud](https://www.infoq.com/news/2014/08/microservices_ballmud/)
- Networks:
  - [ICMP, Ping, and Traceroute - What I Wish I Was Taught](https://xkln.net/blog/icmp-ping-and-traceroute--what-i-wish-i-was-taught/)
  - [How to hide your IP address](https://educatedguesswork.org/posts/traffic-relaying/)
- Memory:
  - [What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory](https://people.freebsd.org/~lstewart/articles/cpumemory.pdf)
  - [What Should I Know About Garbage Collection as a Java Developer?](https://www.azul.com/blog/what-should-i-know-about-garbage-collection-as-a-java-developer/)
- Performance:
  - [Latency Numbers Every Programmer Should Know](https://gist.github.com/jboner/2841832)
  - [Good performance is not just big O](https://jmmv.dev/2023/09/performance-is-not-big-o.html)
  - [Linux Performance](https://www.brendangregg.com/linuxperf.html)
- Programming Languages and Compilers:
  - [Is every language written in C?](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/267086/is-every-language-written-in-c)
  - [Assembly code vs Machine code vs Object code?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/466790/assembly-code-vs-machine-code-vs-object-code)
  - [Introduction to Language Theory](https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/languagetheory/)
  - [Syntax](https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/syntax/)
  - [Syntax Design](https://cs.lmu.edu/~ray/notes/syntaxdesign/)
  - [Backus-Naur form](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form)
  - [Resources for Amateur Compiler Writers](https://c9x.me/compile/bib/)
  - [Low-Code and the Democratization of Programming. Rethinking Where Programming Is Headed](https://www.oreilly.com/radar/low-code-and-the-democratization-of-programming/)
  - [The faker's guide to reading (x86) assembly language](https://www.timdbg.com/posts/fakers-guide-to-assembly/)
  -  [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/)
  - [Favorite compiler and interpreter resources](https://lists.eatonphil.com/compilers-and-interpreters.html)
- Laws, Principles and Mantra:
  - [Programming Principles](https://java-design-patterns.com/principles/)
  - [The Law of Leaky Abstractions](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2002/11/11/the-law-of-leaky-abstractions/)
  - [Conway's law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_law)
  - [Make It Work Make It Right Make It Fast](https://wiki.c2.com/?MakeItWorkMakeItRightMakeItFast)
- What Happens When:
  - [What happens when you run 'Hello, world'](https://jvns.ca/blog/2013/11/29/what-happens-when-you-run-a-unix-program/)
  - [What happens when you press a key in your terminal?](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/07/20/pseudoterminals/)
  - [What happens when you load a URL?](https://danluu.com/navigate-url/)
  - [What happens when a CPU starts](https://lateblt.tripod.com/bit68.txt)
  - [What happens when you start a process on Linux?](https://jvns.ca/blog/2016/10/04/exec-will-eat-your-brain/)
  - [What happens when you update your DNS?](https://jvns.ca/blog/how-updating-dns-works/)
  - [What happens when...](https://github.com/alex/what-happens-when)
  - [Behind "Hello World" on Linux](https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/08/03/behind--hello-world/)
- How Things Work:
  - [Putting the “You” in CPU](https://cpu.land/)
  - [How Browsers Work](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Performance/How_browsers_work)  
- Hard Stuff:
  - [Hard things in Computer Science](https://blog.frankel.ch/hard-things-computer-science/)
  - [How to name things: the hardest problem in programming](https://www.slideshare.net/pirhilton/how-to-name-things-the-hardest-problem-in-programming)
- Miscellanea:
  - [What is the difference between Terminal, Console, Shell, and Command Line?](https://askubuntu.com/questions/506510/what-is-the-difference-between-terminal-console-shell-and-command-line)
  - [Quantum computing for the very curious](https://quantum.country/qcvc)
  - [What scientists must know about hardware to write fast code](https://viralinstruction.com/posts/hardware/)
  - [Why do arrays start at 0?](https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/why-do-arrays-start-at-0/)
